# Buildbarn Fundamentals

## Reference Cluster with Management Course

Empower your development team by setting up a fully functional, production-ready
Buildbarn reference cluster, and gain the skills needed to manage and operate it
effectively.

Buildbarn Fundamentals is a comprehensive package offered by Meroton that
provides both the setup of a complete Buildbarn environment on AWS and an
in-depth training course. This program is specifically designed for
organizations seeking to enhance their in-house capabilities in remote build
environments.

## Overview

**Buildbarn Fundamentals** is a practical, hands-on course that equips your
developers with the knowledge and skills required to efficiently manage a
Buildbarn-based Remote Build Environment (RBE) cluster. Whether your aim is to
deepen your understanding of remote execution and caching or to establish a
robust foundation for your remote execution strategy, this course delivers the
essential knowledge and infrastructure tailored to your needs.

During the course, you will set up a fully operational Buildbarn cluster within
your own AWS subaccount. This cluster can be used as-is or serve as a reference
for integrating Buildbarn with your existing systems.

Additionally, the course includes the setup of various third-party components,
demonstrating how to leverage Buildbarn’s integration points to maximize the
value of your remote build environment.

## Technology stack

In addition to Buildbarn, the following technologies are utilized in the course.
While prior familiarity is beneficial, it is not required:

- AWS
- Bazel
- Kubernetes
- FluxCD
- Terraform
- Grafana
- Prometheus
- Elastic Search and Kibana
- Opentracing and Jaeger
- Keycloak

## Course Format

The course is conducted over a full working day, combining whiteboard sessions
with hands-on workshops. By the end of the day, participants will have set up a
production-ready Buildbarn cluster and received thorough training on its
components.

Participants should bring their own laptops and an AWS subaccount for setting up
the cluster. If necessary, the cluster can be deployed in a Meroton-owned AWS
account, which will be decommissioned after the course.

## Enrollment information

The package is available for a fixed price of €1,950 per person, plus expenses,
with a minimum of five attendees required.

For inquiries and further details, please contact us at sales@meroton.com.
